[doc] Dashboard documentation (#7304)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-dashboard.rst

Ray Dashboard

> ==============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=============
```

> Welcome to the Ray dashboard page! 

Reviewer 2: Let's get rid of this sentence. It feels inconsistent with the tone of the rest of the documentation.

Ray's built-in dashboard provides metrics, charts, and other features that help Ray users to understand Ray clusters and libraries.

> This includes cluster node level metrics, actor level metrics, configurations, profiling & killing actor buttons, and Ray library metrics such as Tune metrics. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This includes node level metrics, actor level metrics, cluster configuration information, tools for profiling and killing actors, and metrics for Ray libraries such as Tune.
```

> Check out the documentation to understand a rich set of features we offer.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this sentence.

Getting Started
---------------
  
Access Dashboard

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you start Ray on your laptop, dashboard is running by default, and you can access it through its URL. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you start Ray on your laptop, the dashboard runs by default, and you can access it through its URL. 
```

> By default the URL is `localhost:8265`. Note that the port will be changed if the default port is not available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the URL is **localhost:8265**. Note that the port will be changed if the default port is not available.
```

The URL is printed when Ray starts up.

.. code-block:: text

>   INFO resource_spec.py:212 -- Starting Ray with 4.2 GiB memory available for workers and up to 2.12 GiB for objects. You can adjust these settings with ray.init(memory=<bytes>, object_store_memory=<bytes>).

Reviewer 2: Remove this line

  INFO services.py:1093 -- View the Ray dashboard at localhost:8265

> Dashboard is also available when using autoscaler. Check out `Monitoring Autoscaler Status <autoscaling.html#monitoring-cluster-status>`_ for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dashboard is also available when using the autoscaler. Read about how to `use the dashboard with the autoscaler <autoscaling.html#monitoring-cluster-status>`_.
```

Example Usage
-------------

> To understand each components, look at `Dashboard Components <ray-dashboard.html#components>`_

Reviewer 2: Remove this

Debugging a Blocked Actor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If creating an actor requires resources (e.g., CPUs, GPUs, or other custom resources) that are not currently available, the actor cannot be created until those resources are added to the cluster or become available.
This can cause an application to hang. To alert you to this issue, infeasible tasks are shown in red in the dashboard, and pending tasks are shown in yellow.

> You can find this information from the `Logical View` tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find this information from the *Logical View* tab in the dashboard.
```

single back ticks don't do anything in RST I believe

> - **Infeasible Actor Creation** happens when an actor requires more resources than a Ray cluster can provide.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this

Author: Why would you want to remove this definition? Do you think these two are clear enough to distinguish without extra explanation?

> - **Pending Actor Creation** happens when there is no available resource for this actor because it is already taken by other tasks / actors.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this

.. code-block:: python

>   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  import ray
  
```

so that users can actually run this

  ray.init(num_gpus=2)

>   @ray.remote(num_gpus=1)

Reviewer 2: For this example, can you get rid of the nesting? It just adds complexity to the example.

Author: Good point. Will remove this.

  class Actor1:
      def __init__(self):
          pass
  
  @ray.remote
  class Actor2:
      def __init__(self):
          self.actor1_list = [Actor1.remote() for _ in range(4)]

  @ray.remote(num_gpus=4)
  class Actor3:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  actor2 = Actor2.remote()
  actor3 = Actor3.remote()

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-pending-infeasible-actors.png
    :align: center

> This cluster has 2 GPUs. Actor1 requires 1 GPU to be created. Actor2 creates 4 Actor1. As a result of calling `Actor2.remote()`, 2 Actor1 creation tasks became pending. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cluster has two GPUs, and so it only has room to create two copies of ``Actor1``.
```

Author: I will use this. 

This cluster has two GPUs, and so it only has room to create two copies of ``Actor1``. As a result, the rest of Actor1 will be pending.

> You can also see it is infeasible to create Actor3 because it requires 4 GPUs which is bigger than the total gpus available in this cluster (2 GPUs). 

Reviewer 2: remove this

Author: Same question as above! : "Why would you want to remove this definition? Do you think these two are clear enough to distinguish without extra explanation?"

Inspect Memory Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The logical view displays the following information about memory usage

> - **Number of object IDs in scope**: number of local and remote objectIDs which actors can access.

Reviewer 2: Is it the case that if any of these three numbers are increasing without bound, then there is a problem?

I still don't really understand these three definitions, so I'd suggest remove this section and just saying something like:
>**NumObjectIdsInScope**, **NumLocalObjects**, and **UsedLocalObjectMemory** refer to internal Ray concepts related to memory usage. If any of these numbers is increasing without bound, then there may be a memory leak in the application.

Author: If I am a developer who uses a dashboard, I'd prefer to know exactly what each metrics means. If you think this definition is confusing, and there is not way to improve, I think we should remove it from dashboard. Otherwise we should explain in the best details so users can use metrics for debugging.

If you have too many big objects and if your program uses plasma store heaviily, the program could be slower becasue using plasma stores is slower than local memory.

Profiling (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

  The profiling button currently only works when you use **passwordless** ``sudo``. 
  It is still experimental. Please report any issues you run into.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-profiling-buttons.png
    :align: center

Clicking one of the profiling buttons on the dashboard launches py-spy, which will profile your actor process for the given duration. Once the profiling has been done, you can click the "profiling result" button to visualize the profiling information as a flamegraph.
This visualization can help reveal computational bottlenecks.

More information on how to interpret the flamegraph is available at https://github.com/jlfwong/speedscope#usage.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-profiling.png
    :align: center

Components

> -----------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----------
```

Machine View
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The machine view provides node and process level information. You can see resource usage statistics for each node and each worker process.

Logical View (Experimental)

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

The logical view renders actor information in a tree format. To illustrate this, in the code block below, the ``Parent`` actor creates two ``Child`` actors and each ``Child`` actor creates one ``GrandChild`` actor.

> This relationship will be visible at a dashboard logical view page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This relationship is visible in the dashboard *Logical View* tab.
```

.. code-block:: python

  import ray
  ray.init()

  @ray.remote
  class Grandchild:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  @ray.remote
  class Child:
      def __init__(self):
          self.grandchild_handle = Grandchild.remote()
  
  @ray.remote
  class Parent:
      def __init__(self):
          self.children_handles = [Child.remote() for _ in range(2)]

  parent_handle = Parent.remote()

You can see that the dashboard shows the parent/child relationship as expected. 

> .. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-tree-actors.png

Reviewer: Is it ok to actually move these images into the Ray repo? We currently do that with all of our other images.

Reviewer 2: I suggested putting them in the other repo because I was concerned about their size. I imagine we'll want to add a bunch more images as time goes on, and my concern is that cloning the Ray repository will become too slow.

Reviewer 2: I imagine this is an issue that a lot of projects run into, so there is probably some standard solution that I'm not aware of.

Reviewer: Seems like the standard solution is to not have that many images :) (just checked OpenAI and pytorch repos, everyone bundles images together, but they don't have that many).

Reviewer: Anyways, I'm not opposed to the idea, but I would suggest a 1 page proposal/memo for this practice to be shared with the Ray team (or else no one knows about it).

Author: Will create a proposal and write it to slack open-source channel.

    :align: center

> For more information about what logical view provides, checkout `Dashboard Usage <ray-dashboard.html#example-usage>`_

Reviewer 2: Remove this

    :align: center

**Resource Configuration**

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Resource-allocation-row.png
    :align: center

Resource configuration is represented as ``([Resource]: [Used Resources] / [Configured Resources])``.
For example, when a Ray cluster is configured with 4 cores, ``ray.init(num_cpus=4)``, you can see (CPU: 0 / 4). 

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/resource-allocation-row-configured-1.png
    :align: center

When you spawn a new actor that uses 1 cpu, you can see this will be (CPU: 1/4). 

Below is an example.

.. code-block:: python

  import ray

  ray.init(num_cpus=4)

  @ray.remote(num_cpus=1)
  class A:
      pass

  a = A.remote()

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/resource-allocation-row-configured-2.png
    :align: center

**Host**: If it is a node, it shows host information. If it is a worker, it shows a pid.

**Workers**: If it is a node, it shows a number of workers and virtual cores. Note that number of workers can exceed number of cores.

> **Uptime**: Uptime of each worker and process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Uptime**: Uptime of each worker and process.
```

- Understand worker and machine behaviors by providing resource usages and status of them.
- Visualize the actor relationship and stats.
- Kill actors and profile your Ray job.
- See Tune jobs and trials information in a glance.
- Detect cluster anomalies and debug them.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Dashboard-overview.png
    :align: center

Getting Started
---------------
you can access the dashboard through its default URL, **localhost:8265**.
(Note that port number is increasing if the default port is not available).

The URL is printed when ``ray.init()`` is called.

.. code-block:: text

  INFO services.py:1093 -- View the Ray dashboard at localhost:8265

The dashboard is also available when using the autoscaler. Read about how to `use the dashboard with the autoscaler <autoscaling.html#monitoring-cluster-status>`_.

Views
-----

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-component-view.png
    :align: center

Machine View
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Go to the Machine View when you want to see resource usage statistics for each node and each worker process.

> 

Reviewer: reading this now feels awk; I think you can remove it without any loss of info.

The Machine View shows you:

- System resources usage for each machine and worker. E.G. RAM, CPU, disk, and network usage information.
- Logs and error messages at each machine and worker.
- Actors or tasks assigned to each worker process.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Machine-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Logical View
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Go to the Logical View when you want to see actor statistics. 

> 

Reviewer: reading this now feels awk; I think you can remove it without any loss of info.

The Logical View shows you:

- Created and killed actors
- Actor stats such as actor status, number of executed tasks, pending tasks, and memory usage.
- Actor hierarchy and dependency.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Logical-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Ray Config
~~~~~~~~~~
The Ray Config tab shows you the current autoscaler configuration.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Ray-config-basic.png
    :align: center

Tune
~~~~
Go to the Tune to see running Tune jobs and their statistics.

> 

Reviewer: reading this now feels awk; I think you can remove it without any loss of info.

Profiling (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Use profiling features when you want to find bottleneck of your Ray applications. 

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-profiling-buttons.png
    :align: center

Clicking one of the profiling buttons on the dashboard launches py-spy, which will profile your actor process for the given duration. Once the profiling has been done, you can click the "profiling result" button to visualize the profiling information as a flamegraph.
This visualization can help reveal computational bottlenecks.

.. note::

  The profiling button currently only works when you use **passwordless** ``sudo``. 
  It is still experimental. Please report any issues you run into.

More information on how to interpret the flamegraph is available at https://github.com/jlfwong/speedscope#usage.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-profiling.png
    :align: center

References
----------

Machine View
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> **Machine/Worker Hierarchy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Machine/Worker Hierarchy**: The dashboard visualizes hierarchical relationship of workers (processes) and machines (nodes). Each host consists of many workers, and you can see them by clicking a + button.
```

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Machine-view-reference-1.png
    :align: center

Ray consists of nodes and workers. Nodes typicall mean machines and workers mean processes.
The dashboard visualizes hierarchical relationship of workers and machines. Each host consists of many workers, and you can see them by clicking a + button.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: (moved above)

- 0: Alive
- 1: Reconstructing
- 2: Dead

**Pending**: A number of pending tasks for this actor.

**Excuted**: A number of executed tasks for this actor.

**NumObjectIdsInScope**: Number of object IDs in scope for this actor. Object IDs in scope will not be evicted unless object stores are full.

**NumLocalObjects**: Number of objectIDs that are in this actor's local memory. Only big objects (>100KB) are residing in plasma object stores, and other small objects are staying in local memory.

**UsedLocalObjectMemory**: Used memory used by local objects.

**kill actor**: A button to kill an actor in a cluster. It is corresponding to ``ray.kill``. 

**profile for**: A button to run profiling. We currently support 10s, 30s and 60s profiling. It requires passwordless ``sudo``.

**Infeasible Actor Creation**: Actor creation is infeasible when an actor requires more resources than a Ray cluster can provide. This is depicted as a red colored actor.

**Pending Actor Creation**: Actor creation is pending when there is no available resource for this actor because it is already taken by other tasks / actors. This is depicted as a yellow colored actor.

**Actor Hierarchy**

> The logical view renders actor information in a tree format. To illustrate this, in the code block below, the ``Parent`` actor creates two ``Child`` actors and each ``Child`` actor creates one ``GrandChild`` actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Actor Hierarchy**: The logical view renders actor relationships in a tree format. 

To illustrate this, in the code block below, the ``Parent`` actor creates two ``Child`` actors and each ``Child`` actor creates one ``GrandChild`` actor.
```

This relationship is visible in the dashboard *Logical View* tab.

.. code-block:: python

  import ray
  ray.init()

  @ray.remote
  class Grandchild:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  @ray.remote
  class Child:
      def __init__(self):
          self.grandchild_handle = Grandchild.remote()
  
  @ray.remote
  class Parent:
      def __init__(self):
          self.children_handles = [Child.remote() for _ in range(2)]

  parent_handle = Parent.remote()

You can see that the dashboard shows the parent/child relationship as expected. 

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Logical-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Ray Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Configuration defined at ``cluster.yaml`` for the autoscaler mode. Check `Cluster.yaml reference <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/autoscaler/aws/example-full.yaml>`_ to learn it in more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration defined at ``cluster.yaml`` for the autoscaler mode. See `Cluster.yaml reference <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/autoscaler/aws/example-full.yaml>`_ for more details.
```

Ray Dashboard
=============
Ray's built-in dashboard provides metrics, charts, and other features that help Ray users to understand Ray clusters and libraries.

Through the dashboard, you can

- Understand worker and machine behaviors by providing resource usages and status of them.
- Visualize the actor relationship and stats.

> - Communicate to your Ray cluster. For example, you can kill your actors, profiling application, or many others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill actors and profile your Ray job.
```

- See Tune jobs and trials information in a glance.
- Detect cluster anomalies and debug them.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Dashboard-overview.png
    :align: center

You can go to

- `Machine View <ray-dashboard.html#id1>`_ to see CPU, RAM, and other resources usages of each machine and worker.
- `Logical View <ray-dashboard.html#id2>`_ to see actor stats and hierarchy.
- `Ray Config <ray-dashboard.html#id3>`_ to see autoscaler configuration. 
- `Tune <ray-dashboard.html#id4>`_ to see running Tune job status.

> 

Reviewer: this is a bit redundant with L5-12; I think you can remove this?

Author: Agree. I removed them.

Getting Started
---------------
you can access the dashboard through its default URL, **localhost:8265**.
(Note that port number is increasing if the default port is not available).

URL is printed when you call ``ray.init()``

.. code-block:: text

  INFO services.py:1093 -- View the Ray dashboard at localhost:8265

The dashboard is also available when using the autoscaler. Read about how to `use the dashboard with the autoscaler <autoscaling.html#monitoring-cluster-status>`_.

Once you access to the url, you can see there are several tabs.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-component-view.png
    :align: center

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a new H2 header here:

```
Views
-----

```

Author: Added!

Machine View
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check the Machine View tab when you want to see resource usage statistics for each node and each worker process.

> It provides

Reviewer: The Machine View shows you:

- System resources usage for each machine and worker. E.G. RAM, CPU, disk, and network usage information.
- Logs and error messages at each machine and worker.
- Actors or tasks assigned to each worker process.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Machine-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Logical View
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Go to the Logical View tab when you want to see actor statistics. You can see 

Reviewer: The Logical View shows you:

- Created and killed actors
- Actor stats such as actor status, number of executed tasks, pending tasks, and memory usage.
- Actor hierarchy and dependency.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Logical-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Ray Config
~~~~~~~~~~

> You can see the autoscaler configuration at the Ray Config tab. Look at the picture to see what it provides.

Reviewer: The Ray Config tab shows you the current autoscaler configuration.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Ray-config-basic.png
    :align: center

Tune
~~~~

> Go to the Tune tab to see running Tune jobs and see their statistics in details. It offers

Reviewer: The Tune tab shows you:

- Tune jobs and their status
- Hyperparameters each job is experimenting on.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Tune-basic.png
    :align: center

Advanced Usage
--------------

Killing Actors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You can kill actors when some actors are hanging or not in progress through the dashboard URL.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/kill-actors.png
    :align: center

Debugging a Blocked Actor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You can find hanging actors through the Logical View tab.

If creating an actor requires resources (e.g., CPUs, GPUs, or other custom resources) that are not currently available, the actor cannot be created until those resources are added to the cluster or become available.
This can cause an application to hang. To alert you to this issue, infeasible tasks are shown in red in the dashboard, and pending tasks are shown in yellow.

> You can find this information from the *Logical View* tab in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this is a repeat from the first sentence.

> 

Reviewer: Below is an example:

.. code-block:: python

  import ray
  
  ray.init(num_gpus=2)

  @ray.remote(num_gpus=1)
  class Actor1:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  @ray.remote(num_gpus=4)
  class Actor2:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  actor1_list = [Actor1.remote() for _ in range(4)]
  actor2 = Actor2.remote()

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-pending-infeasible-actors.png
    :align: center

This cluster has two GPUs, and so it only has room to create two copies of Actor1. As a result, the rest of Actor1 will be pending.

You can also see it is infeasible to create Actor2 because it requires 4 GPUs which is bigger than the total gpus available in this cluster (2 GPUs). 

Inspect Memory Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You can detect local memory anomalies through the Logical View tab.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-inspect-local-memory-usage.png
    :align: center

Let's see how to use this information.

> if NumObjectIdsInScope, NumLocalObjects, or UsedLocalObjectMemory keeps growing without bound, it can lead to OOM errors or eviction of objectIDs that your program still wants to use. 

Reviewer: Maybe remove L134?

Reviewer: For this entire Inspect Memory Usage section, I would just say:

```
You can detect local memory anomalies through the Logical View tab. if NumObjectIdsInScope, NumLocalObjects, or UsedLocalObjectMemory keeps growing without bound, it can lead to OOM errors or eviction of objectIDs that your program still wants to use. 

.. image..
```

    :align: center

When you spawn a new actor that uses 1 cpu, you can see this will be changed to be (CPU: 1/4). 

.. code-block:: python

  import ray

  ray.init(num_cpus=4)

  @ray.remote(num_cpus=1)
  class A:
      pass

  a = A.remote()

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/resource-allocation-row-configured-2.png
    :align: center

Host
####
If it is a node, it shows host information. If it is a worker, it shows a pid.

Workers
#######
If it is a node, it shows number of workers and virtual cores. Note that number of workers can exceed number of cores because each worker can use less than one core.

Uptime
######
Uptime of each worker and process.

CPU
###
CPU usage of each node and worker.

RAM
###
RAM usage of each node and worker.

Disk
####
Disk usage of each node and worker.

Sent
####
Network bytes sent for each node and worker.

Received
########
Network bytes received for each node and worker.

Logs
####
Logs messages at each node and worker. You can see messages by clicking it.

Errors
######

> Error messages at each node and worker. You can see error messages by clicking it.

Reviewer: Can you **bold** instead of using a header?

Logical View (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Actor Titles
############
Name of an actor and its arguments.

State
#####
State of an actor. 

- 0: Alive
- 1: Reconstructing
- 2: Dead

Pending
#######
Number of pending tasks for this actor.

Excuted
#######
Number of executed tasks for this actor.

NumObjectIdsInScope
###################
Number of object IDs in scope for this actor. 

> In scope means this object IDs are not supposed to be evicted. For example, if the objectID is locally referenced, it is in scope because this objectID should not be garbage collected to ensure correctness of Ray applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of object IDs in scope for this actor. Object IDs in scope will not be evicted.
```

NumLocalObjects
###############
Number of objectIDs that are in this actor's local memory. Only big objects (>100KB) are residing in a plasma objects and other small objects are staying in the local memory.

UsedLocalObjectMemory
#####################
Memory usage of local objects of this actor.

kill actor
##########
Button to kill an actor in a cluster. It is corresponding to ``ray.kill``. 

profile for
###########
Button to run profiling. We currently support 10s, 30s and 60s profiling. It requires passwordless ``sudo``.

Infeasible Actor Creation
#########################

> Red colored actors. It happens when an actor requires more resources than a Ray cluster can provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actor creation is infeasible when an actor requires more resources than a Ray cluster can provide. This is depicted as a red colored actor.
```

Pending Actor Creation
######################
Yellow colored actors. It happens when there is no available resource for this actor because it is already taken by other tasks / actors.

Actor Hierarchy

> ###############

Reviewer: Can you use `**bold**`, like:

```rst
**profile for**: Button to run profiling. We currently support 10s, 30s and 60s profiling. It requires passwordless ``sudo``.
**Infeasible Actor Creation**: Red colored actors. It happens when an actor requires more resources than a Ray cluster can provide.

This relationship is visible in the dashboard *Logical View* tab.

.. code-block:: python

  import ray
  ray.init()

  @ray.remote
  class Grandchild:
      def __init__(self):
          pass

  @ray.remote
  class Child:
      def __init__(self):
          self.grandchild_handle = Grandchild.remote()
  
  @ray.remote
  class Parent:
      def __init__(self):
          self.children_handles = [Child.remote() for _ in range(2)]

  parent_handle = Parent.remote()

You can see that the dashboard shows the parent/child relationship as expected. 

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/dashboard/Logical-view-basic.png
    :align: center

Ray Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is the configuration set in ``cluster.yaml`` for the autoscaler mode. Check `Cluster.yaml reference <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/autoscaler/aws/example-full.yaml>`_ to learn it in more details.

Tune (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Trial ID
########
Trial IDs for hyperparameter tuning.

Job ID
######
Job IDs for hyperparameter tuning.

STATUS
######
Status of each trial.

Start Time
##########
Start time of each trial.

Hyperparameters

> ###############

Reviewer: Can you do *bold* instead of a new header? The new header takes up a lot of vertical space: 
```rst
**Trial ID**: Trial IDs for hyperparameter tuning.
**Job ID**: Job IDs for hyperparameter tuning.
**Status**: Status of each trial
**Start Time**: Start time of each trial.
